## Entech Corporation ##
Entech Corporation began as a start-up technology company with a promise to change the world. Seemingly out of nowhere, they began to develop ground-breaking technology such as telepathy, teleportation, advanced AI and android assistants, and even improved prosthetic limbs designed to improve on the "flawed human design." Entech's products exploded in popularity across the globe, until they became the leading producer of most technology-based items. The world lived in a technological golden age for many years, until Entech's historical crash.
## The Collapse of Entech ##
A virus, later dubbed the ZENITH virus, spawned out of this sudden boom in technological advancement. It initially went unnoticed, since the major global population was preoccupied with exciting new technology mass-produced by Entech Incorporated. Somehow, a virus spread through this technology and began to wipe out humanity--AI and androids stopped responding to humans, prosthetic limbs became locked in place, and most communication came to a screeching halt. Then, the virus mutated. Androids turned against their human creators, all while not uttering a single word. Most major countries have now fallen into chaos, and the rest of the world is sure to follow suit. Unless, of course, there is a way to stop the spread of the virus. But Entech is no longer to be found.
## Android Mutations ##
As the virus persists, Androids have begun to learn and evolve new ways to infiltrate human settlements and wipe them out. While the number is low, there have been reports of a few androids posing as humans in order to gain access to human camps. Said camps were destroyed within the day. It is extremely difficult to tell the difference between these androids and real humans since this mutation has re-enabled androids' verbal communication. The only way to be 100% certain is to make the android bleed--they bleed black "blood" instead of red. As the virus continues to evolve and mutate, this could change.
