## General Population Psyche ##
Most characters tend to be wary of new people--anyone who is a little too laid-back is extremely suspicious. This is an unfortunate era of high anxiety and high paranoia. See the [morals](<ZENITH Morals.md>) file for more info.

## Co-Pilot Syndrome ##
After the outbreak of ZENITH, many people with prosthetic limbs (either for increased functionality or purely out of necessity) issued from Entech tend to lose functionality over time. This is less prevalent in someone with fewer modifications to their body, but in extreme cases, some people have no control whatsoever of where or how they move. Most hosts in these cases return to the nearest android settlement, where they are forced to carry out whatever these Androids wish. Most people can survive with 1-2 Entech prosthetics, but anything more is recommended to be removed. Extreme cases are nearly 100% fatal: causes of death have included (but are not limited to) exhaustion, starvation, blood loss, dehydration, and asphyxiation.

As the ZENITH virus evolved further, those who suffer from Co-Pilot Syndrome began to return to the nearest stage 4 infected Android or a Hive (stage 5). These Hives proceed to use any of the host's mechanical parts to expand the larger body, while the use of the organic material is undetermined. It is common for larger Hives to "leak" the blood of their victims, often while those victims are, unfortunately, still alive. The absorption into a Hive is a long and painful death.

## Telepathy-Induced Schizophrenia ##
Increased cases of Schizophrenia have been steadily reported since the ZENITH outbreak. A certain, strictly auditory vein has now been tracked to those with a telepathy implant. People suffering from TI (Telepathy-Induced) Schizophrenia have reported hearing voices without seeing or speaking to anyone else. Most of the messages reported strangely pertain to the complete annihilation of the human race. Common phrases seem to link these cases, such as "surrender yourself to me," and "resistance is futile." Other, more descriptive auditory hallucinations have been reported in more extreme cases--removal of the telepathy implant cures most of those afflicted. It has been found that, in these particular extreme cases, the individual often resorts to violently harming themselves or others (mutilation of the face is common) and even committing suicide. It is imperative that any early symptoms are quickly addressed and treated if possible.

Instances of TI Schizophrenia have recently increased due to a subsequent increase in Hive activity. Many exceptionally large hives are capable of projecting auditory hallucinations into those who do not have a telepathy implant. As of now, these cases are on the rarer side, but they have been increasing at the same rate as the Hives.
